docs: add guidance for AI-assisted contributions (#3691)
github/opensource.guide: _articles/how-to-contribute.md

* **Reference any relevant issues** or supporting documentation in your PR (for example, "Closes #37.")
* **Include screenshots of the before and after** if your changes include differences in HTML/CSS. Drag and drop the images into the body of your pull request.
* **Test your changes!** Run your changes against any existing tests if they exist and create new ones when needed. It's important to make sure your changes don't break the existing project.

> * **Review AI-assisted contributions carefully.** If you use AI tools to help draft code, documentation, tests, or other project assets, verify that the output is accurate, follows project conventions, and address the intended issue. Contributors remain responsible for the changes they submit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Review AI-assisted contributions carefully.** If you use AI tools, verify that the output is accurate, follows project conventions, and addresses the intended issue. Contributors remain responsible for the changes they submit.
```
